Docs: Add text-to-uppercase variable syntax info (#88281)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/variables/variable-syntax/index.md

Interpolation result: "test1 + test2"
```

### Text to uppercase

> Formats single- and multi-valued variables into their uppercase text representation. For a single variable it will just return the uppercase text representation. For multi-valued variables it will return the uppercase text representation combined with `+`.

Reviewer: I know this isn't like the other entries, but I'm updating the wording to follow our style guide. The page as a whole will eventually be edited for that as well.
```suggestion
Formats single- and multi-valued variables into their uppercase text representation. For a single variable it just returns the uppercase text representation. For multi-valued variables it returns the uppercase text representation combined with `+`.
```
